Jd/psy45 docs (#1385)
NREL-Sienna/PowerSystems.jl: docs/src/how_to/jump.md

# [Modeling with JuMP](@id modeling_with_jump)

> This page shows a minimal example of `PowerSystems.jl` used to develop and Economic Dispatch model. The code shows the stages to develop modeling code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is for users who are interested in writing custom optimization problems directly in [JuMP](https://jump.dev/JuMP.jl/stable/), using data formatted with `PowerSystems.jl`. 
Also see [`PowerSimulations.jl`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSimulations.jl/stable/) for developing reusable templates for optimization problems within the Sienna platform.

This page shows a minimal example to develop a Economic Dispatch model. The code shows the stages to develop modeling code:
```

 1. Make the data set from power flow and time series data,

>  2. Serialize the data,

Reviewer: Unclear what serialize the data means here, and I'm not sure how to see that in the example below. What I see second is the definition of the optimization problem, with its variables and custom constraints.

 3. Pass the data and algorithm to the model.

> One of the main uses of ``PowerSystems.jl` is not having re-run the data generation for every model execution. The model code shows an example of populating the constraints and cost functions using accessor functions inside the model function. The example concludes by reading the data created earlier and passing the algorithm with the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the main uses of `PowerSystems.jl` is not having re-run the data generation for every model execution. The model code shows an example of populating the constraints and cost functions using accessor functions inside the model function. The example concludes by reading the data created earlier and passing the algorithm with the data.
```

```@repl using_jump
using PowerSystems
const PSY = PowerSystems
using JuMP
using Ipopt
using PowerSystemCaseBuilder
```

> !!! note

Reviewer: We have own PSCB documentation ready to deploy with the next release. Maybe get first of admonition and replace with:
```
 For this demonstration, we'll first load a test [`System`](@ref) using [`PowerSystemCaseBuilder.jl`](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSystemCaseBuilder.jl/stable).

    
    `PowerSystemCaseBuilder.jl` is a helper library that makes it easier to reproduce examples in the documentation and tutorials. Normally you would pass your local files to create the system data instead of calling the function `build_system`.
    For more details visit [PowerSystemCaseBuilder Documentation](https://nrel-sienna.github.io/PowerSystems.jl/stable/tutorials/powersystembuilder/)

```@repl using_jump
system_data = build_system(PSISystems, "c_sys5_pjm")
transform_single_time_series!(system_data, Hour(24), Hour(24))

> function ed_model(system::System, optimizer)

Reviewer: New code chunk here with a preface, e.g., 

`Next, we define the optimization problem using [JuMP](https://jump.dev/JuMP.jl/stable/)'s syntax. The constraints include each generator's minimum and maximum active power output as well as the system power balance equation, minimizing the operating cost for each step in the 24-hour horizon:`

    ed_m = Model(optimizer)
    time_periods = 1:24
    thermal_gens_names = get_name.(get_components(ThermalStandard, system))
    @variable(ed_m, pg[g in thermal_gens_names, t in time_periods] >= 0)

    for g in get_components(ThermalStandard, system), t in time_periods
        name = get_name(g)
        @constraint(ed_m, pg[name, t] >= get_active_power_limits(g).min)
        @constraint(ed_m, pg[name, t] <= get_active_power_limits(g).max)
    end

    net_load = zeros(length(time_periods))
    for g in get_components(RenewableGen, system)
        net_load -=
            get_time_series_values(SingleTimeSeries, g, "max_active_power")[time_periods]
    end

    for g in get_components(StaticLoad, system)
        net_load +=
            get_time_series_values(SingleTimeSeries, g, "max_active_power")[time_periods]
    end

    for t in time_periods
        @constraint(ed_m, sum(pg[g, t] for g in thermal_gens_names) == net_load[t])
    end

    @objective(
        ed_m,
        Min,
        sum(

>             pg[get_name(g), t]^2 * get_cost(get_variable(get_operation_cost(g)))[1] +

Reviewer 2: get cost is not used anymore, we could use `get_proportional_term`

            pg[get_name(g), t] * get_cost(get_variable(get_operation_cost(g)))[2]
            for g in get_components(ThermalGen, system), t in time_periods
        )
    )
    optimize!(ed_m)
    return ed_m
end

> results = ed_model(system_data, Ipopt.Optimizer)

Reviewer: New code chunk with preface, e.g.,

` Finally, the `PowerSystems.jl` data is combined with this economic dispatch model and solved with the open-source [`Ipopt`](https://github.com/jump-dev/Ipopt.jl) solver:
